Snowflake, snowflake, little snowflake.
Little snowflake falling from the sky.
Falling, falling, falling, falling, falling,
falling, falling, falling, falling...
...falling on my head.
Snowflake, snowflake, little snowflake.
Little snowflake falling from the sky.
Falling, falling, falling, falling, falling,
falling, falling, falling, falling...
...falling on my nose.
Snowflake, snowflake, little snowflake.
Little snowflake falling from the sky.
Falling, falling, falling, falling, falling,
falling, falling, falling, falling...
...falling in my hand.
Falling on my head.
Falling on my nose.
Falling in my hand.
Snowflake, snowflake, little snowflake...